alright so I've got a little bit more
information about 0.5 point zero coming
in about a month to three weeks the the
developer said so early study will be
submitted then so it could be longer
he's not sure all right so starting off
we've got mushroom farming now he said
I'm not sure if this is a this will work
underground I mean it looks like it is
underground and in darkness
semi-darkness but I'm not fully sure
about this because I couldn't get
mushrooms to grow in the previous
updates in darkness so i'm not sure but
anyway he says this is possible and he's
you know working on that and it's yeah
that's going to bat be happening so
you'll be able to grow mushrooms so
that's sweet of course paintings which
were spoken about recently and yeah so
here's some quick view of some that he's
made he's working out the drawings and
everything and then glowstone now he
says it will shed a larger life than
torches but not by much it seems so
anyway but that will be coming out of
the machine the nether machine that
they're working on so that's a one item
and then we've got melons watermelons
they also mentioned that they're
interested in pumpkins but maybe not
this update but anyway yeah so and
they'll be releasing more information
later on this week about how you will be
able to get the seeds and everything to
plant these so since I won't be adding
dungeon so you can't find him so anyway
yeah go ahead and check him out on
Twitter okay so also somebody tweeted
and said to make the nether machine what
resources do we need and he said they're
not completely sure but basically you'll
need a lot of iron gold and diamonds so
maybe not some many of diamonds by at
least one block worse go blue diamond
block worth had guessing next he was at
somebody asked if they will be able to
get sole say on another rack from the
nether machine and he said no and then
was like well I don't know and maybe in
some other tweets so the for now that's
been confirmed that they will not it
will not be coming but you know he was
hesitant so maybe they're thinking about
it
alright so that is basically it and for
more information check back